"If you can dream it, you can do it." — Walt Disney
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." — C. S. Lewis
"Promise me you'll always remember: You're braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.” — A.A. Milne
"You'll never please everyone, but you only have to please a few people to get an offer." — Harvey MacKay
"Every experience in your life is being orchestrated to teach you something you need to know to move forward." — Brian Tracy
"All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them." — Walt Disney
"Every single journey that I've embarked on, I've learned something new." — Shailene Woodley
"Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground." — Theodore Roosevelt
"The results you achieve will be in direct proportion to the effort you apply." — Dennis Waitley
"Start by doing what's necessary, then what's possible, and suddenly you are doing the impossible." — Francis of Assisi
"I can't do it never yet accomplished anything; I will try has performed wonders." — George P. Burnham
"Every new day is another chance to change your life." — Anonymous
"Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going." — Jim Ryun
"Nothing in the world can take the place of persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent. The slogan press on has solved and will always solve the problems of the human race." — Calvin Coolidge
"Forgive yourself for your faults and your mistakes and move on." — Les Brown
"Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is." — H. Jackson Browne
"If you will pump long enough, hard enough, and enthusiastically enough, sooner or later the effort will bring forth the reward." — Zig Ziglar
"Don't wait for your feelings to change to take the action. Take the action and your feelings will change." — Barbara Baron
"An obstacle may be either a stepping stone or a stumbling block." — Anonymous
"One important key to success is self-confidence. An important key to self-confidence is preparation." — Arthur Ashe
"When you leave college, there are thousands of people out there with the same degree you have; when you get a job, there will be thousands of people doing what you want to do for a living. But you are the only person alive who has sole custody of your life." — Anna Quindlen
"Nothing worthwhile comes easily. Work, continuous work and hard work, is the only way to accomplish results that last." — Hamilton Holt
"Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work." — Thomas Edison
"Fall seven times, stand up eight." — Japanese Proverb
"Getting fired is nature's way of telling you that you had the wrong job in the first place." — Hal Lancaster
"If opportunity doesn't knock, then build a door." — Milton Berle
"The brick walls are there for a reason. The brick walls are not there to keep us out. The brick walls are there to show us how badly we want something." — Randy Pausch
"We are still masters of our fate. We are still captains of our souls." — Winston Churchill